Docs note about manually delete themes cache (#20504)
keycloak/keycloak: docs/documentation/server_development/topics/themes.adoc

====
Be sure to re-enable caching in production as it will significantly impact performance.
====
[NOTE]
====

> If you want to manually delete the content of the themes cache, you can do so by delete directory `data/tmp/kc-gzip-cache` of the server distribution.
> It can be good idea to do that for instance when you re-deployed custom providers or custom themes and you did not disable themes caching in the previous server executions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to manually delete the content of the themes cache, you can do so by deleting the `data/tmp/kc-gzip-cache directory of the server distribution.
A good occasion to delete the themes cache is jf you redeployed custom providers or custom themes without disabling themes caching in the previous server executions.
```
